Euler number and Crofton perimeter (#4380)
scikit-image/scikit-image: doc/release/release_dev.rst

--------

- Euler characteristic property of ``skimage.measure.regionprops`` was erroneous

>   for 3D objects, since it not take tunnels into accounts. A new implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for 3D objects, since it did not take tunnels into account. A new implementation
```
